OSDOCS#13470:Update the About-this-release page for 4.19 (#94298)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-19-release-notes.adoc

{product-title} {product-version} clusters are available at https://console.redhat.com/openshift. From the {hybrid-console}, you can deploy {product-title} clusters to either on-premises or cloud environments.

// Double check OP system versions
{product-title} {product-version} is supported on {op-system-base-full} 9.0 and a later version of {op-system-base} 9 that is released before End of Life of {product-title} {product-version}. {product-title} {product-version} is also supported on {op-system-first} {product-version}. To understand {op-system-base} versions used by {op-system}, see link:https://access.redhat.com/articles/6907891[{op-system-base} Versions Utilized by {op-system-first} and {product-title}] (Knowledgebase article).

> You must use {op-system} machines for the control plane and for the compute machines. {op-system-base} machines are deprecated in {product-title} 4.16 and will be removed in a future release.

Author: ```suggestion
You must use {op-system} machines for the control plane and the compute machines. {op-system-base} machines are not available in this release.
```
@dfitzmau I will remove the last sentence for RHEL machines availability.

Reviewer: I think the statement should be removed in favour of a release note.

Reviewer 2: yeah, i think we can go ahead and just remove the statement here. there's a release note available for the removal of RHEL worker nodes in the Removed Features section 😄

Reviewer: Hi @tmalove . Is still see the following statement in the preview:

![Screenshot From 2025-06-06 10-36-03](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a866b28e-10e7-4a80-a773-91cae75e78f9)

This statement should be removed?

Author: Removed RHEL sentence.
